##Assignment 1
1. How long is the interval between two consecutive interrupts that can be generated by TIMER1?
  * 0.02 (1999999/100MHz) UDC set
  
2. How long is the interval between two consecutive interrupts that can be generated by TIMER2?
 * 0.25 UDC not set

3. What is the longest achievable interval between two consecutive interrupts that can be generated by these timer devices?
 * 0.02 with continued counting (0.25 - 0.02 = 0.23 without continued counting). 
 
4. What is the shortest achievable interval between two consecutive interrupts that can be generated by these timer devices?
 * 0.25 - 12*0.02 = 0.01 with continued counting
 
5. Suggest how to setup the timers such that the interval between two consecutive interrupts is set to the longest achievable interval?
 * Let TIMER1 count. The longest timer interval will be 0.02 between TIMER1 interrupts.
 
6. Suggest how to setup the timers such that the interval between two consecutive interrupts is set to the shortest achievable interval?
 * If we initialize TIMER1 and TIMER2 at the same time let it count 12 times then when TIMER1 starts we will get an interval of 0.01 seconds between two intervals.
 
7.  Write down the modification that you have suggested.
 * Since the blinker is set to On and Off by the variable blinkerOnOff, if one presses a change index button the lighten blinker will still be active. To prevent this we keep track of the previous index and make sure that when we change index we have an empty blinker on the previous index location.
 
8. Can an interrupt request interrupt the processor while it is is executing an interrupt handler of another interrupt request?  
 * Yes. 
 
9. What is the conclusion?
 * When the 2nd bit in the rmsr is set then interrupts can occur. When this is set it iss possible to interrupt another interrupt request
